Update Install Kyma doc (#12094)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/operations/01-install-kyma.md

Optionally, you can specify from which source you want to deploy Kyma. For example, you can choose the `main` branch (or any other branch on the Kyma repository), a specific PR, or a release version. For more details, see the documentation for the `deploy` command.

- For example, to install Kyma from a specific version, such as `1.24.1`, run:

  ```bash
  kyma deploy --source=1.24.1
  ```

>   As Kyma follows the strategy "one branch for each release", `kyma deploy --source=2.0` and `kyma deploy --source=release-2.0` have the same result: `kyma deploy --source=2.0` deploys the specified Kyma release or patch. `kyma deploy --source=release-2.0` deploys Kyma from the branch called `release-2.0`.

Reviewer: `"one branch for each release"` - well, that depends on how you define release. We don't have separate branches for patches.
Major release: `1`, `2`, etc.
Minor release: `1.24`, `2.1`
Patch release: `1.24.6`, `2.1.3`.

Reviewer 2: Yes, we should be more specific here. For ever minor release we have a branch.

> For example, to install Kyma from a specific version, such as `1.19.1`, run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, to install Kyma from a specific version, such as `2.0`, run:
```

  ```bash
  kyma deploy --source=2.0
  ```

> >**NOTE:** You can choose to write either `kyma deploy --source=2.0` or `kyma deploy --source=release-2.0`.

Reviewer 2: I would rewrite this note, in a way that it is clear for the user that `release-2.0` references a specific branch in the GitHub repository. And `2.0` references the release.
Eventho, we are sticking to the "for each release one branch" strategy, I think we should tell the user.

I.e. if a branch called `test-branch` exists in the upstream kyma repo, it is also possible to do `kyma deploy --source=test-branch`
